docs: add security policy (#2127)
tempestphp/tempest-framework: SECURITY.md

> # TempestPHP Security Policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Tempest security policy
```

> ## Reporting a Security Issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Reporting a security issue
```

> If you think you have found a security issue within Tempest, don't create a GitHub issue and don't publish a pull request with proof of concept. In the first instance, report issues using [GitHub's security advisory reporting mechanism](https://github.com/tempestphp/tempest-framework/security/advisories/new), with as much information as you can provide, ideally including steps-to-recreate. Security reports submitted on this page are forwarded to the core maintainers only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you believe you have discovered a security issue in Tempest, please do not create a GitHub issue or publish a proof-of-concept pull request.

Instead, report the issue using [GitHub's security advisory reporting mechanism](https://github.com/tempestphp/tempest-framework/security/advisories/new) and provide as much detail as possible, including steps to reproduce the issue where applicable. Reports submitted through this process are visible only to the core maintainers.
```

> If you think you have found a Security Issue within one or more of the TempestPHP repositories, don't use the Issues and don't publish a PR with proof of concept. In the first instance, report issues using [GitHub's security advisory reporting mechanism](https://github.com/tempestphp/tempest-framework/security/advisories/new), with as much information as you can provide, ideally including steps-to-recreate. Security reports submitted on this page are forwarded to the core maintainers, only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you think you have found a security issue within Tempest, don't create a GitHub issue and don't publish a pull request with proof of concept. In the first instance, report issues using [GitHub's security advisory reporting mechanism](https://github.com/tempestphp/tempest-framework/security/advisories/new), with as much information as you can provide, ideally including steps-to-recreate. Security reports submitted on this page are forwarded to the core maintainers only.
```

> The core maintainers will determine whether this is classified as a security issue, and address it accordingly, or whether it is classified as a regular bug, and may ask you to raise a GitHub issue instead, at this time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The core maintainers will determine whether this is classified as a security issue, and address it accordingly, or whether it is classified as a regular bug, and may ask you to raise a GitHub issue instead.
```

> The core maintainers will determine whether this is classified as a Security Issue, and address it accordingly, or whether it is classified as a regular bug, and may ask you to raise a GitHub Issue instead, at this time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core maintainers will determine whether this is classified as a security issue, and address it accordingly, or whether it is classified as a regular bug, and may ask you to raise a GitHub issue instead, at this time.
```

> ## Resolution Process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Resolution process
```

> The core maintainers will aim to acknowledge and validate any reported security issue promptly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The core maintainers will acknowledge and validate reported security issues as promptly as possible.
```

> The core maintainers will aim to acknowledge and validate any reported Security Issue promptly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core maintainers will aim to acknowledge and validate any reported security issue promptly.
```

> Following the validation of a security issue, the core maintainers will broadly:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Following the validation of a security issue, the core maintainers will:
```

> Following the validation of a Security Issue, the core maintainers will broadly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following the validation of a security issue, the core maintainers will broadly:
```

1. Work on a patch and commit it to the repository via GitHub following the usual processes.

2. Issue a release containing the security release.

3. Consider offering a Rector automated fix within the release, where appropriate.

> 4. Notify all subscribed Tempest parties via the usual channels (discord, blog, etc) that the updated is published.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Notify all subscribed Tempest parties via the usual channels (Discord, blog, etc) that the updated is published.
```

> 4. Notify all subscribed TempestPHP parties via the usual channels (discord, blog, etc) that the updated is published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Notify all subscribed Tempest parties via the usual channels (discord, blog, etc) that the updated is published.
```

Blog..?

> ## Keeping TempestPHP Secure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Keeping Tempest secure
```

> Several controls are in place to ensure that TempestPHP code releases are kept secure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several controls are in place to ensure that Tempest code releases are kept secure.
```

> 1. All maintainers with write access to the repository (currently, just core maintainers) utilise Multi-Factor Authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. All maintainers with write access to the repository use multi-factor authentication.
```

2. Branch protection is configured on the repository.

3. All access rights and privileges (including automated accounts, API keys) are assigned on a Principle of Least Privilege basis.

> 4. Every Pull Request requires the successful completion of code quality and static analysis checks, and is reviewed by a core maintainer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Every pull request requires the successful completion of code quality and static analysis checks, and is reviewed by a core maintainer.
```

> 5. TempestPHP actively upgrades dependencies based on deprecations and notices from upstream packages where used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Tempest actively upgrades dependencies based on deprecations and notices from upstream packages where used.
```
